[Marketplace Contribution] Microsoft 365 Defender - Content Pack Update (#20824)
demisto/content: Packs/Microsoft365Defender/ReleaseNotes/4_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft 365 Defender

> - 4.1.2 - microsoft-365-defender-incidents-list: Allow to filter incidents using custom odata parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the *odata* argument to the ***microsoft-365-defender-incidents-list*** command for custom incident filtering.
```
